Rewrite the explanation of pipelines in dag command's description #1500 (#1623)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/dag.md

## Description

A data pipeline, in general, is a series of data processing
[stages](/doc/command-reference/run) (for example console commands that take an
input and produce an <abbr>output</abbr>). A pipeline may produce intermediate
data, and has a final result.

Data processing or ML pipelines typically start a with large raw datasets,
include intermediate featurization and training stages, and produce a final
model, as well as accuracy [metrics](/doc/command-reference/metrics).

In DVC, pipeline stages and commands, their data I/O, interdependencies, and
results (intermediate or final) are specified in `dvc.yaml`, which can be
written manually or built using the helper command `dvc run`. This allows DVC to

> restore one or more pipelines later (see `dvc repro`).

Reviewer: This paragraph should probably stay.

> DVC builds a dependency graph
> ([DAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph)) to do this.

`dvc dag` command displays the stages of a pipeline up to the target stage. If

> `target` is omitted, it will show the full project DAG.

Reviewer: This one. Notice it also explains the `targets` argument.

> A Data pipeline refers to a series of [stages](/doc/command-reference/run)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A data pipeline refers to a series of [stages](/doc/command-reference/run)
```

> pipeline. This process continues until we reach the final stage which produces
> the final results. A pipeline works the same way as a compiler works, it takes
> some data as an input and produces an output.

Reviewer: This can be shortened to:
```suggestion
pipeline. This process continues until we reach the final result.
```
Removes redundancy and obscure reference.

> a tag to your experiment. A tag is a name that you give to your experiment.

Reviewer: "You can create multiple pipelines" is valuable info, lets keep it somewhere. But everything else in this paragraph seems incorrect. Probably no need to talk about experiments in this doc. anyway.

> will help you in comparing the results of every experiment.

Reviewer: Hmm yeah this is definitely not the case. Sounds like you're describing DVC 0. Please follow https://dvc.org/doc/start like I mentioned in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/1500#issuecomment-657110606.

And sgsin, no need to complicate this doc. with metrics or experiments.

> are currently in.

Reviewer: Oops this one is also a little inaccurate. `dvc dag` doesn't create the DAG, it's already there, implicitly: it's the pipeline itself... I'd combine part of this p with the previous p about what `dag` does...
